All right, so our user interface is starting to look very good.
The next thing we want to do is we know that our movie may have has potential, has a lot of information,
so I'm going to show you something really interesting.
So what I want to do next is to add a little arrow down arrow.
So so when it clicked, it's going to expand this card to show more information.
So down here after these released, they're outside actually has to be outside this row here.
Let's go ahead and add a an icon and say icon like this, and let's use icons.
I want to say field, and I want the keyboard arrow up.
This case narrowed down first, and content is going to be
down Arrow like that.
OK.
And let's go ahead and add put this in a line.
Let's go ahead and add a modifier here.
So modifier and a one size to be about 25 deep.
While I'm here, I'm also going to say that.
And I want this to be also clickable, as you will see, say, clickable like this, OK?
And I'm also going to change the tint color, the color of this to dark gray.
Like this?
OK, let's look at our split code.
Let's refresh.
All right.
That's really, really large.
That means I am not.
See, that's not the right place.
So.
You're right, this has to be kept this out of here.
Right, this I can actually.
We need to be inside of our column.
Just there to refresh.
OK, this needs to be inside here.
OK, just right below there.
OK.
Now, now that we have that arrow, what do we want to do is as follows, we want to make sure that
when this is clicked, we drop or we increase.
In this case, the size we expand the size of this, of this rope so we can see more information.
Now this information is going to be where.
So first of all, let's go up here right after we have a release.
So, so on top of this arrow, we're going to add a column, yet another column, yes, instead of a
column.
All right.
So this is what we're going to have the information that's going to be hidden.
The idea here is very simple.
We want to make sure that, of course, like I said, when this is clicked, we'll have to have a variable
estate right there will know whether this is clicked on right or not.
If it's clicked, if it's on, we're going to show something.
If not, we're going to collapse it.
So what we need is actually, yes, you guessed it, at the top here, we're going to create a foul
called this expanded right, analysts say by use delegation here by remember Mike, that it's going
to be mutable state of, say, false.
First, this is going to be a.
This is going to be.
So it's going to be a Boolean, let's go ahead and see what we can do, right, this has to be mutable
state, not immutable, least mutable state of and false in the beginning.
And let's see if we can go ahead and import of what we need.
And there we go.
So now we have our state here that will control everything.
So where is it going to be called?
Well, we're going to call that instead of the icon one click here clickable.
So I'm going to say here or simply expanded in this case.
It's going to be equal to the opposite, so we're going to toggle it to the expanded of expanded.
Let's change that to VAR.
Yes, because we're changing it, OK, so this is going to allow us to toggle.
So if it's true, then click, it's going to be false.
Click again is going to be true, is going to toggle back and forth.
Like when we click this icon.
So what do we want to show?
I'm going to put a text here real quick, hello there, so we can see this in action, but how do we
then toggle that visibility right?
Because we want this to be visible or expand itself if it's clicked and retract itself?
Also, if it's clicked, if it's false.
So we're going to wrap this inside of this animated visibility.
Look at that.
There is indeed a function or a composable function that is called animated visibility.
And here are going to pass the expanded Boolean state.
So all of this, then when you put that inside a such now you see we have a problem here.
If you have over is going to say this is an experimental animation API.
To solve this, we have to add this ad experimental animation API annotation to with you to Movie Row.
What is this?
Well, as the name imply experimental, that means it's still being worked on.
They're not sure if this is going to be forever in the APIs in the compose APIs for us to use.
But as it is right now, we can't actually use it, but we have to annotate this with an experimental
animation.
OK.
So we're going to annotate that and then we should be good.
Looks like I have a problem.
I see all too often enter again.
And voila!
So whenever you have issues, make sure, especially with remember to make sure to import because there
are a lot of imports that have to happen in order for this work.
All right.
So now let's go ahead and refresh this real quick.
OK.
What I can do instead of actually writing these directly on an emulator, I'm going to start interactive
mode.
So we are able to click and see if this works.
OK.
Let's see if I click this button there.
Well, you see hello there is showing.
Right.
If I click back is going to hide.
Very good.
Just like that, we have this very nice animation now.
The one thing I want to make sure to happen is that this arrow has to change directions, right?
If it's collapsed, when we click, we're going to show whatever we need to show and then we're going
to change the direction to show up.
Right?
How do we do that?
Well, you should know how to do this at this point.
It's very simple.
It's go back to code where we have the icon here.
So instead of image vector here, I can put an if statement in line, if statement here and say if in
this case expanded is true, then the icon is going to be up arrow up, right?
Because we want to make sure to say, Yeah, you can, then the icon is going to be arrow up else the
icon in this case.
When you say icons that field dot keyboard down just like that.
Let's take a look.
So refresh.
OK.
Let's see.
Click.
Voila!
Click and we are toggling back and forth.
The other thing I need to do here, just make sure, is to change the size of the whole card because
as you see here, if you look at our card.
I am I have this fixed height that's not going to help because we want to make sure that the expansion,
if we have a lot of tax that we're going to show, which is actually the case in a second here, we
want it to be dynamic.
Winning the expansion is going to expand it to the max to height that he needs.
So we're going to just coming out the height.
All right.
So now, instead of our animated visibility here, we have a column over the text.
I'm going to add the actual information I want to add.
So here I'm going to get rid of that for a text.
Now you notice here there's two kinds of text functions overload it.
There's a text symbol that we've been using.
There's this other one called annotated string.
So let's use that annotated string.
So for our annotated string, we can actually pass for a text here and let's go to move all of this.
We can pass the build annotation or annotated string lambda as such.
What this allows us to do is to actually change individual strings that we want to show, right?
For instance, if I have a string that says hello, they're OK with annotated string, I can separate
to say this hello here.
I want to have color read and be bold and italic and so forth.
However, this there I can change that to something else to light so we can annotate each string that
we want.
In fact, we can even annotate each character.
Meaning if I want to change this T to a different color, I can do so.
So this gives us more flexibility.
OK?
So we have two paths to build annotated string as such.
So inside here we can then say something like this with style like that and we can pass a style.
So we see here with style take so we can pass it, d style the paragraph and so forth, and we can pass
the block, which is the actual annotated string.
We'll see.
So in this case, and we just pass style in for the style, I'm going to pass a span style so I can
then see for the color of these spam here span.
That is, it's going to be color dot, dark gray like this.
And I can continue, I can say it's the font size is going to be about 13 at SB.
All right.
Let's go ahead and import ESP, and then I also have a block in this with here.
If I have over, I can see we have this annotated string builder.
So now we're building the actual strings.
In this case, I'm going to pin you say append to append to add could be a string could be a char in
this case of text string, right?
So I'm going to say something like this plot and then space.
And then outside here, I'm going to create yet another with style.
Right.
And do the same thing in, say, style span style past the color.
Dark grey, and then I'm going to pass.
Font size
13 SB.
And for this one, also font weight.
I want this to be bold.
Then, of course, in our blog here, I have to pass the actual annotated string.
So I'm going to say I penned in this case, I'm going to say movie and get the plot.
OK, so I'm just changing each part of my text.
So this plot here is going to have this style that we pass.
And then I'm going to put inside of another block here and at the compose function with style.
I passed this style and I append in the trailing lambda in the past movie that plot.
All right, let's go ahead and see real quick.
OK, let's go ahead and click and see.
And while I can see this style is looking, will it good?
I said plot and you see there.
It's looking descent and the animation is working.